
Audacity Knows No Fear

functionality to choose side

funds system

equip purchase
construction rework/reenable
mission db


Traits to be purchased

Combat Medic
Construction Specialist
Repair Specialist


Rename debug module to log module?
  Maybe misleading since logging already exists by default in A3

Deployment module
  Easy to integrate in mission
  Base
  Fob
  Forward deployment
  Choose pos in predetermined area
  Parachute
  Opt. parachute area

Refine ambient module
  Roadside cars
  Civ traffic
  Mil flyover

Secondary objective module
  Create library of objectives
  Serves as template
  Easy to integrate in mission

Marker module
  Fix the occasional error that occurs when players leave or join
  Captured vehicles switch markers to new side
  Set as “needs marker”. Script will delete any previous marker of vehicles identifier and create new one for the appropriate side

Command structure module
  Interface to see command structure
  Listed names can be interacted with
  OpCom can appoint officers
  Officers get certain privileges

Weather module
  Improve function and usability

Base/Safezone module
  Refine and add functionality
  Vehicle spawner
  Log who attempted to fire weapon and punish

Damage & Destruction module
  Vehicle damage handling might become unnecessary with fund balancing
  Maybe refine player wounding

Object/Vehicle features module
  Radar
  Smoke screen
  Self destruct
  Missile warning
  Make nice gui
  Artillery
  Replace smoke effect
  Make artillery correspond to actual arty pieces in base if those are available
  But delete fired rounds and replace with scripted rounds or effects

Chat command module
  Improve and add commands
  !admin to call for assistance
  !color / !markercolor
  !requestofficer

Admin module
  Quickly change from battle gear to admin appearance and back
  Scenario interface here or in its own module?

Scenario/Wargame module
  Load missions from DB
  New improved intro outro
  Standby mode camera pan
  OpCom auth
  Player side choice

Core module
  Gather up all core modules, that other ones usually depend on
  Log / Debug
  Chat commands
  Per frame eventhandler
  Script watcher
  Maybe the small fixes module as well

Cleanup/Performance module
  Make as simple and straightforward as possible
  Performance must not be impacted though
  Identification
  Add ident for passengers
  Link with acre to show speakers in name float
  Better dog tag check
  Maybe floating name

Respawn module
  No longer assigns all equipment. Mainly distributes uniforms and other identifying equipment. Weapons are purchased via funds
  Simple fade out / fade in on death
  No long camera zoom in

Funds module
  New
  Infantry equipment has to be repurchased on every spawn, but players can save loadouts. Maybe allow officers to set available loadout templates??
  Players would value their life much more especially when they are carrying expensive equipment that is lost on death
  Default equipment is very basic. Standard rifle, no optics.
  GUI for OpCom and officers to purchase vehicles
  Give out funds each minute?
  Define funds starting value and value given out per hour in scenario selection
  Limit what units can buy. Only armor can buy armored vehicles. Only inf can buy specialized inf weapons and equipment, etc
  This way funds assigned to units are actually used for that unit and not others
  OpCom has to sets % flow of funds like in warfare.
  OpCom and officers can send each other funds
  Officers are informed or can check via GUI how unit members spend funds over time
  Officers would be careful with spending as they probably would be very reluctant to constantly ask OpCom for more funds
  Should armor and air share funds with OpCom?? Their fund usage may vary a lot and a steady flow might not make too much sense for them. They could just coordinate usage via voice
  Or have interface to request certain expensive vehicles that have to be approved by OpCom or someone else in a certain role
  New players and guests should be limited in their purchasing power unless approved in GUI by officer. This means inexpensive inf loadout and no vehicles. Their max spending per life is limited by a value set by OpCom or officer. No exceptions except for veterans who are rejoining AW
  Maybe don't include funds in final scoring after all. Would make for fun all out spending at the end for a final big clash
